Added qifOut option (#625)
QuasarApp/CQtDeployer: md/en/Options.md

|  -qifStyle [path/to/style.css]| Sets the path to the CSS style file or sets the default style. Available styles: quasar |
|  -qifBanner [path/to/banner.png]| Sets path to the banner png file.                                      |
|  -qifLogo [path/to/logo.png]| Sets path to the logo png file.                                |

> |  -qifOut [nameOfOutputInstallerFile.run] | Sets name of output qifw installer. Warning: For windows installer automatically added exe suffix.                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  -qifOut [nameOfOutputInstallerFile.run] | Sets name of output qifw installer. Note: on Windows, the exe suffix will be added to the installer automatically.                |
```

Author: i agree

> |  -qifOut [nameOfOutputInstallerFile.run] | Sets name of output qifw installer. Note: on Windows, the exe suffix will be added to the installer automatically.                |

Reviewer: It's not good.

> |  -qifOut [nameOfOutputInstallerFile.run] | Sets name of output qifw installer. Note: on Windows, the exe suffix will be added to the installer automatically.                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  -qifOut [nameOfOutputInstallerFile] | Sets name of output qifw installer. Note: on Windows, the exe suffix will be added to the installer automatically.                |
```
